(DOCSP-16089): Draft section for running a password reset func, add Bluehawked example (#1088)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/ios/examples/manage-email-password-users.txt

Reset a User's Password
-----------------------

To reset a user password in {+sync+}, you can either:

- Send a password reset email
- Run a password reset function

Select your preferred password reset method by going to:

- Your {+app+}
- :guilabel:`Authentication`
- :guilabel:`Authentication Providers`

> - :guilabel:`Email/Password` - and press the :guilabel:`EDIT` button

Reviewer: Should these be numbered steps since they are ordered?

Author: Yup, good catch, thank you!

Send a Password Reset Email
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After you configure your {+app+} to :ref:`send a password reset email 
<auth-send-a-password-reset-email>`, you can call ``sendResetPasswordEmail`` 

> with the user's email. {+backend+} sends an email to the user containing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the user's email. {+backend+} sends an email to the user that contains 
```
Reads easier to me. Not a big deal at all though.

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ManageEmailPasswordUsers.codeblock.reset-password-objc.m
         :language: objectivec

Run a Password Reset Function
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you configure your app to :ref:`run a password reset function 
<auth-run-a-password-reset-function>`, you'll define the function that 

> should run when you call ``callResetPasswordFunction()`` from the SDK. 

Reviewer: Should we link to the API doc here?

Author: Good call, thanks for the suggestion!

This function can take a username, a password, and any number of 

> additional arguments. You can use these arguments to specify things like 

Reviewer: For some reason, "things like" sounds super informal to me. Maybe "details like"?

Author: I don't mind informal, but "details" is probably a better fit for this specific instance.

security question answers or other challenges that the user should pass 
to successfully complete a password reset.

You might prefer to use a custom password reset function when you want to

> define your own password reset flows. This might include things like 

Reviewer: more things, maybe we can reword this to avoid the "things like" phrasing again

Reviewer: perhaps "implementations such as"?

Author: "Implementations such as" is a bit of a mouthful. I'll reword it to remove some gerunds for Nick, improve precision and simplify:

> For example, you might send a custom password reset email from a specific domain, or through a service other 
than email.
